Development Log

Week of 11/15/2020-11/21/2020

	The final project group collectively chose to meet on discord to discuss
	the project goals and write a team contract. Every member agreed to the
	team contract and uploaded their respective version to the github
	repository. For our project goals we decided to use the openflight data
	set. We also planned to implment the pagerank algorithm and Dijkstra's
	algorithm. We will be using a BFS to traverse our respective graph. The
	only development done this week was organizing the readme to show what 
	functions the group still needs to implement.


Week of 11/22/2020-11/29/2020
	
	We collectively as group decided that there will be no mandatory work to
	be done over the break. However, people were still free to work on the 
	project if they wanted to. During the break our group managed to develop
	a program that is able to parse the OpenFlight dataset. We are now able
	to read in the OpenFlights dataset and add airports to our graph.
	
Week of 11/30/2020-12/06/2020

	We finally made our MAKE files for our project. That way we can run and
	build the programs. We also tidied up our flightgraph class to make it
	easier to read and use. We began writing our BFS traversal as well as
	our two algorithms. For Dijkstra's algorithm we had to come up with a 
	way to make our own weights. We decides to use the coordinates of each
	airport which is given with the openflights dataset. Using these 
	coordinates we were able to calculate distance. We decided to use
	the Haversine formula to account for the curvature of the earth.
	We also started working on a queue based traversal. Had meeting with
	our cool mentor!

Week of 12/07/2020-12/11/2020

	Started off the week by changing some things to our FlightGraph and
	MAKE file. No longer have a .cpp file for FlightGraph since it is now 
	templated. We finished Dijkstra's algorithm and performed tests on
	large and small datasets to make sure that it works. Then we proceeded
	to work on our PageRank algorithm. This was quite difficult as we had
	to conduct a lot of research on how PageRank actually works. Eventually
	we finished PageRank and also tested it on smaller and bigger datasets.
	After finishing up our programming we wrote the README, RESULTS and
	filmed the final presentation. We also updated the development log for 
	this week.
